Fix sse and nginx buffering (#5042)
StackStorm/st2: CHANGELOG.rst

* Improve the st2-self-check script to echo to stderr and exit if it isn't run with a
  ST2_AUTH_TOKEN or ST2_API_KEY environment variable. (improvement) #5068

Fixed
~~~~~~~~~
* Fix nginx buffering long polling stream to client.  Instead of waiting for closed connection

>   wait for final event to be sent to client. fixes issue #4842

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  wait for final event to be sent to client. (bug fix) #4842  #5042
```
to follow the existing format somewhat closely

Author: done
